My friend died, he was someone dear to me. I always thought if I wanted to have him be remembered as a great person then why don't I dedicate a game character to him? He always had a fondness of animals and one day wanted to open up an animal shop. I partnered with a company that would make my dreams come true, then we all worked on the game. The development for
the game was all fine, and it wasn't *too* bad, but things got out of hand real quick when most of our team just suddenly disappeared, the game was not made in japan, but in north america, people assumed we were japanese because we had the game in japanese, and our "studio" name was japanese when in reality it's just some weebish bullcrap. The team was my deceased 
friend and I's friend group. It was a dream of his to play a retro steampunk like game inspired by Harvest Moon, and I thought to make one when he passed to honor him, we're just a small indie studio. 

I wish things could've gotten better, but they didn't. they only seemed to get worse as we went on. Many of the employees of the project kept complaining about the main lead Mateo being all creepy and saying creepy things, we eventually decided to remove him, but he would always return back in the game, I confronted the coder about this, and he said that he removed 
Mateo. Even if he was removed there shouldn't be a reason why he would return again, it was a nightmare. Things seemed to be missing and or retextured, there was no way this game would release on the 3DS in time, so we scrapped work for the 3DS and worked on a PC and Switch version. But even then quality for the game has gotten worse, most of the Townspeople were 
missing and most of the people were done with the games development. There was references to fires in the game, which by the way- my friend died in a fire. 

It was becoming clear that the game wasn't fit to be released for kids, so we ended up scrapping the game. Even after that, I kept the cartridge on me, and its been hellish. I don't talk to my friend group anymore, because the game has recently caught my attention. I always boot up the game and see Mateo smiling at me. I didn't know what I could do, I wanted to
trap this thing in the game, where he couldn't escape and hurt more people, I am aware he's the lead causes for all the missing friends I have, but something is preventing me from doing so. Across the world, many cases of fires have been reported out of the blue. I knew we had beta testers for the game, but even then when things got worse we told everyone they should
stop beta testing. 

I can't do this anymore, my PC Monitor always seemed to be banging and dents appeared in my PC, it makes a weird buzzing noise, I think something is wrong with it, then again, I can't be sure. 

I feel like a complete loser, but I suppose there's nothing I can't do once this trap doesn't hold, I just want to save everyone the time and effort, I just want people to be safe, I just want...

I just want my friend to be honored, well, I guess this is goodbye then.

After all, goodbye is just hello it's only temporary. 
